hey guys what's up I am that socially
awkward gamer you probably forgot
existed otherwise with Paddy Jack and
hand I am doing a skyrim mod spotlight
today the show where I find all these
awesome and/or useful mods haven't done
one piece in a long time I apologize for
that I was actually gonna do skies II
but my zombies were acting up and by
what I mean they weren't doing anything
so had to fix that so I decide to do one
of these for a heart fire mod it's more
of a bug fix than anything but I heard
he was really useful what it does is it
gives you a weapon rack for the display
cases which is incredibly freakin useful
uh so now when you play something in
there and come back it's not gonna be on
the other side of the house or through
the friggin roof and ignore the dead
bard over there he was getting annoying
and I had to kill him because he was
getting annoying when I was recording
her so yeah what it does is it gives you
a weapon rack option in the display
cases like and place and weapon in there
and yeah it stays there it doesn't end
up in the roof like it normally always
does and it doesn't work for some
weapons though I've noticed
I know Dawnbreaker for example I tried
placing it in there and the hill was
kind of like outside there and but I
think that's actually an issue with the
sword itself because when I place it on
a weapon rack yeah okay it's working
this time but occasionally it ends up
like up there and I have no idea why a
couple weapons do that in the game so
yeah that one just has a history of
being stupid but everything else that
tribe works fine for now or it seems to
at least so basically what happens is
the mod edits all that stuff now it only
takes effect in Lake View Manor right
now the mater has to make a separate mod
file for the other houses because they
are all different ESPs and so what
happens here is that I've already done
it for this one but if you already have
your display cases made before you get
the mod then what you have to do is
disable them and re-enable though
disable and re-enable them so what you
do is you click on it after you've
opened up your console type in disable
and it's gone just do that then open up
a console enable and magically back and
then it should work perfectly fine now
I've had trouble making it work for the
smaller display cases I'm not sure why
that is
yeah weapon track the hell happened
there whatever it's kind of glitchy it's
kind of glitchy still I'm sure it'll be
fixed there we go that one worked fine
yeah so it is a little hit and miss but
it does work pretty well for the most
part but yeah again the smaller display
cases have had kind of a bit of trouble
with because if I go disabled they don't
disabled no idea why I don't know I
guess the games saying they're disabled
but they're not so yeah there's no kind
of option to put anything in them so if
the moderator finds us that is kind of
an issue right now might want to get on
that and it does edit every large
display case like this in the world not
just the ones in this house specifically
so they should all be fixed um yeah it's
kinda low mod it's a major bug fix for
the game that I can't believe hasn't
been fixed up till now it's something
that I've really wanted a mod for for a
long past time because obviously it
makes it so things stay where they're
supposed to stay and I believe the mod
actually also fixes the manikin system
as well so you're not going to find your
mannequins walking around everywhere
whenever you come back to your house
like normally you'd see them like over
there or something and no one would have
any idea why they were just night night
at the museum type crap so yeah they
should stay where they are supposed to
be right now so yeah that's kind of odd
hope you guys enjoyed if you want to
download the mod links in the
description like they always are I am
paddy Jack hope you enjoyed I'll see you
guys next time
pays off
you